is that no one family does not
will you have children right?
would I ever want to have a
Son with so much work.
I would go to the school door and then he
arrives and I get and cocaine and
his son
the outburst is from a desperate mother there
two months she discovered that the son of
only 11 years old was a cocaine user or
we will not go up against malta nego
both by China can still count on
image and white is not
then our best luck or not always
there was strong with the language of the nerso I
I put a little in law and to
tell us this story mother and son
will have identities preserved
let's call them hugo and rosa os
Child reports impress
despite the young age, the experience in
world of drugs is amazing the one
boy also tells that he met a group
of traffickers at the school gate
according to him cocaine use was daily
to maintain the addiction began to sell the
narcotic
unfortunately this is a reality of
many public schools in the country according to
data from an unesco survey
held in 14 Brazilian capitals 92
thousand young people use drugs and about 1
million students admit to having seen
some kind of narcotic within the
educational institutions access time
soon to drugs worries parents
educators and authorities for this
prosecutor to repressive police action
can prevent the advance of crimes
involving children
the poles where the problem is most critical
the need for an increase in the
but the problems in the
schools are not just the drug cases
of violence against students and even
teachers are registered with
frequency in police stations
a union survey of
education specialists from the state of
São Paulo shows that only 18% of
educational institutions of the interior
do not have event records
police in 82% of the institutions
an educator has already suffered physical aggression
recently even a tv crew
record has been beaten while
did a report on the subject
the in November last year the inspector
was seriously injured he surprised
three students outside of class time
pulling the tires of
teachers in the parking lot of this
school located in a district of são
black river josé the
The employee was torn and
blood spots per brought the
eyebrow mouth the eye stayed very
purple and swollen about 66 percent of
Brazilian students claim to have
suffered or committed assaults against
classmates in addition to punching and kicking
Another type of frequent aggression is
psychological violence characterized by
also as bullying is an English term
which means this persecution debauchery
12 year old girl is part of the
statistical account that she picked up five
times within the school in all cases
there was no reason to speak the truth
You think it's all right once.
showed the cursing autonomy few
you 've got one thing, but it 's in the
school that the problem happens is in
own school that may be the solution
according to educators, situations of
vandalism and trafficking in
drugs can be avoided
I think if all the municipalities
have a part that really
invest in this extended journey offer
what they really like and enjoy
to do
they started looking at the gold school
with other eyes
may even seem indiscipline to students
But the mess here in this classroom is
released is that they are rehearsing for
a theater presentation projects like
The purpose of this is to prevent
crime more time in schools -
time through activities like this.
the future of these
us and adolescents begins to be traced
in children totalitarian viability that
that discovers inside the project, right?
another view of life here the lessons are
hip hop theater and dance activities that
can arouse a taste for art to
citizenship and even professional interest
You and I, I see them.
dancing
There you have dance class here to
People are beautiful then and it 's not just the gift
that has a dream
hugo who had childhood stolen by
knows that the future can be
different
is a form with an organ to the nose panel
our sao paulo
ae